shibata reflected #85 into the English version. (#86)
fujitake/vantiq-related: vantiq-cloud-infra-operations/terraform_azure/readme_en.md

  ```sh
  terraform output -json | jq '"rdb_postgres_admin_password:" + .rdb_postgres_admin_password.value'
  ```

> ### Transfer to Vantiq Platform Installation tasks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Handover to Vantiq Platform Installation tasks
```

> Perform the following setup and transfer the information to subsequent tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Perform the following setup and hand over the information to subsequent tasks.
```

- Name of the AKS Cluster
- [Setting up the Access rightd to AKS Cluster](#)  

> (Only when the Vantiq Platform Installation is performed by other than the az user who ran terraform.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Required when the Vantiq Platform Installation tasks are to be performed by an az user other than the one who has executed terraform.)
```

- Endpoint and Container name of the Azure Storage Service  
- Endpoint and credential of the keycloak DB

> - IP address of the Bastion host IP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- IP address of the Bastion host
```

Reviewer: @MeguShibata   修正お願いします
